this is Tim with tone joint comm and I'm
just going to show you really quick how
to change the USB PC port gigabyte size
so you can transfer larger files I will
warn you that when you do this you will
delete what is on the PC USB Drive and
the song drives so do this before you go
to record anything big that you actually
care about because you could delete it
so what you do say you're gonna song or
a project or whatever it is you're
working on put your song page whatever
you want to hit the system MIDI button
and you're gonna want to you can bring
up the control screen you're going to
want to scroll over to the disk utility
button and have the PC USB right here
have that highlighted and what you got
to do I already have mine set to a
gigabytes so I'm not gonna actually
change anything online but I'm gonna
show you how to change don't ears also
if you have a computer that you're
trying to USB out to that has Windows 98
all windows 98 it's gonna recognize this
two gigs it won't recognize four gigs
ready gigs so don't even bother if
you're using anything like Windows 98 or
older mm or up will recognize foreign
eight gigs so what you do is you take
the mouse and go up to partition click
that and then you'll see right here PC
USB 2 gigabytes and your drop down menu
see just take drop it down select eight
gigs mods will just get the biggest one
so you have to do it again in case you
do run into a big project or project
runs over longer than you think it's
going to you've already got it set and
you don't have to worry about
transferring from cd-rw to your PC then
down here you'll click yes and it'll
tell you all data will be cleared are
you sure you click yes and when you do
that it will format your
your PC USB Drive in your cord to be 8
gigabytes so you can transfer much
larger files and that's others to it
then you just go back to your song or
your track meter mixer whatever you'd
like to work in and you have just
changed the PC USB gig size for the
court D 3200 thanks and have fun